Now there's one hour configuration which can become handy.
Thus far we always observed the response right.
We observed the body or the full response but in the end it was always connected to the response.
Sometimes you are interested in the different events which are fired during such HTP request.
Let's do this.
For it to put requests year here allow all to pass.
Object to set some options and I'll actually observe events now to show what we actually get back.
Now let's go back to our core Hetter component.
What we do is subscribe to this story recipe's method and there you see a still expect responsive type
response from the old HD service.
No it didn't follow an arrow before because what we got back still is part of the response.
But now with events that's no longer true.
Instead we get back response which is of type h t t p event.
So let's import age to the AP event here.
From an angel or common HTP and this is a generic type.
Now here I'll simply say object for now so we can do that and then lock the response here.
So let's not save this and see if this works.
Looks good.
Let's now log in again and see what we actually print as an event.
Now we go to recipes click manage and save data.
You see this is what we printed here.
An object type 0 and then the actual full response with the body OK.
And so on.
Now what does this cryptic output mean.
The angular HTP client knows different types of events and you would get two now the easier type is
this one type forward.
As you can tell this type here refers to which type of event that is.
And remember we listen to events.
Type 4 is the normal response here we just get an object with Type 0 in it.
No additional information.
No this simply means that there's SDH if he sent event type.
And how do I notice from the documentation a list that at the start.
Now I can easily check this by checking if the type and ATP event has hamster's type property under
all circumstances.
If that is equal to the HTP event type you have to import that from adding or common HTB type and then
here we have two different events.
For example we got the sent event so if we see true as a first outpolled in a console then we know that
the first event which will send last is sent event.
Well that's a nice rhyme here.
But what does actually means is that we now can clearly see that once a click save data we get true
and then false because the second event that the responses are told you earlier.
Now it is of course a very cryptic and difficult way of finding out which kind of event we have right
comparing this.
You even have to know didas type here but you do know it now.
Again the documentation I mentioned earlier you would find all the events.
Now as you see we have to event here.
We all get the user event which we can never occur here.
We get the response even though we also get to download and to upload progress events which are interesting
when we're handling files and the response header.
We're just getting back response headers.
Hearable check for the response event though.
So if we now go back to the application log in again and then save data.
We should first see faults and see true and we do false and true.
So these are two events we're getting back now with that all switch us back to Chesed printing the response
here without any types and comment is import.
Out here at the top because I don't need it anymore.
Instead what we can do now is we can go back to the US put Meffert and turn.
Observe.
Back to body as before or to the full response what ever you want is for to put request.
We don't really use the response here.
It is important to know however that you can listen to these events in cases where you want to do something
once the request was sent and you're still waiting for a response.
You now have a way of getting in this process and actually doing something.
Was the request and response are on their way.